README.md, before:

# OUR TOOLS

> _*A repository for practicing and improving `problem-solving` skills by
> building `practical tools` to address everyday challenges.*_

---

## Purpose

The goal of this project is to enhance our `problem-solving` abilities through
the development of `functional tools` (that actually we are going to use).

## Tools List

Explore the tools in progress within the `cmd` directory, each with its own
`README.md`:

- [SNS Message Sender](./cmd/sns/README.md) (yanmoyy)
  - Send an SNS message on terminal
- [PPT Crawling](./cmd/ppt-crawling/README.md) (kaeba0616)
  - Crawl a PPT file and save it as HTML file.

---

### Problems (Not Yet Solved)

Contribute by adding new problems or challenges to the list before implementing
solutions. Our goal is to turn these problems into automated solutions over
time.

- I want to order my daily sandwich at the same time every day.

### Contributing

Join us in building new tools or solving problems to sharpen your
problem-solving skills!

Feel free to add new ideas, implement solutions, or improve existing tools.

> It doesn't matter if you're trying to <u>_reinvent the wheel_</u> or improve
> upon existing solutions.

Commit message:

select-item : add README.md

README.md, after:

# OUR TOOLS

> _*A repository for practicing and improving `problem-solving` skills by
> building `practical tools` to address everyday challenges.*_

---

## Purpose

The goal of this project is to enhance our `problem-solving` abilities through
the development of `functional tools` (that actually we are going to use).

## Tools List

Explore the tools in progress within the `cmd` directory, each with its own
`README.md`:

- [SNS Message Sender](./cmd/sns/README.md) (yanmoyy)
  - Send an SNS message on terminal
- [PPT Crawling](./cmd/ppt-crawling/README.md) (kaeba0616)
  - Crawl a PPT file and save it as HTML file.
- [select-item](./cmd/select-item/README.md) (kaeab0616)
  - Select an item from a list and print it (animation & coloring).

---

### Problems (Not Yet Solved)

Contribute by adding new problems or challenges to the list before implementing
solutions. Our goal is to turn these problems into automated solutions over
time.

- I want to order my daily sandwich at the same time every day.

### Contributing

Join us in building new tools or solving problems to sharpen your
problem-solving skills!

Feel free to add new ideas, implement solutions, or improve existing tools.

> It doesn't matter if you're trying to <u>_reinvent the wheel_</u> or improve
> upon existing solutions.
